[[PageOutline]]
= Production Scripts =
||[[wiki:/PowerShell/Production/DeleteLocalAccount|Delete-LocalAccount.ps1]]||Delete's the specified account from computers found in Active Directory||
||[[wiki:/PowerShell/Production/FindLocalAdmins|Find-LocalAdmins.ps1]]||Returns the members of a specified group from computers found in Active Directory||
||[[wiki:/PowerShell/Production/UpdateAdminPassword|Update-AdminPassword.ps1]]||Updates the password of the specified user account from computers found in Active Directory||
||[[wiki:/PowerShell/Production/GetSerials|Get-Serials.ps1]]||This script returns the serialnumber property from computers found in Active Directory||
||[[wiki:/PowerShell/Production/Update-DeptGPOs|Update-DeptGPOs.ps1]]||Update permissions on Departmental GPO's||
||[[wiki:/PowerShell/Production/Get-FreeDiskSpace|Get-FreeDiskSpace.ps1]]||Return free space on a disk||
||[[wiki:/PowerShell/Production/Get-DPMRecoveryPointReport|Get-DPMRecoveryPointReport.ps1]]||Return available recovery points||


= !PowerShell Functions =

Here is the home of my !PowerShell functions. I'm taking advantage of !PowerShell's ability to [[http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ee176949.aspx#ECAA | dot-source]] blocks of code. At the moment I am dividing them up between !ActiveDirectory related functions and !ComputerManagement functions.

== Active Directory Library [[wiki:PowerShell/ActiveDirectoryManagement|Get-Help]] [[http://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/scriptcenter/3cc670ca-9ddf-45b4-860c-9dec35f33d20 | Technet Gallery]]==

The [source:powershell/production/includes/ActiveDirectoryManagement.ps1 ActiveDirectoryManagement] script holds all the functions related to working with !ActiveDirectory.

== Computer Management Library [[wiki:PowerShell/ComputerManagement|Get-Help]] [[http://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/scriptcenter/ef8de213-45b6-4751-8c77-01d1b6623e16 | Technet Gallery]] ==

The [source:powershell/production/includes/ComputerManagement.ps1 ComputerManagement] script holds all the functions related to working with the local computer.

== File Management Library [[wiki:PowerShell/FileManagement|Get-Help]] [[http://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/scriptcenter/6c817b11-0c33-4444-93e5-0a8a51a06c64 | Technet Gallery]] ==

The [source:powershell/production/includes/FileManagement.ps1 FileManagement] script holds all the functions related to working with files.

== Muegge's !LogParser Library [[wiki:PowerShell/MueggeLogParser|Get-Help]] ==

The [source:powershell/production/includes/MueggeLogParser.ps1 MueggeLogParser] script holds all the functions related to working with Microsoft's !LogParser. These functions were copied over from [http://muegge.com/blog/?p=65 Muegge's Blog]

== Network Management library [[wiki:PowerShell/NetworkManagement|Get-Help]] [[http://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/scriptcenter/f17c7600-5356-4e97-bc76-0551504d06a5 | Technet Gallery]]==

The [source:powershell/production/includes/NetworkManagement.ps1 NetworkManagement] script holds all the functions related to working with networking properties.

== Performance Testing Library [[wiki:PowerShell/PerformanceTesting|Get-Help]]
The [source:powershell/production/includes/PerformanceTesting.ps1 PerformanceTesting] script holds a collection of functions that can be used to test the performance of various scriptblocks, functions or cmdlets.

== !SharePoint Management Library [[wiki:PowerShell/SharePointManagement|Get-Help]] [[http://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/scriptcenter/c59ba942-0b4a-423f-b9e1-4990264befac | Technet Gallery]] ==

The [source:powershell/production/includes/SharePointManagement.ps1 SharePointManagement] script holds all the functions related to working with a Sharepoint Farm.

== Subversion Management Library [[wiki:PowerShell/SubversionManagement|Get-Help]] [[http://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/scriptcenter/059b4522-5445-47e5-9be4-c4d67571969a | Technet Gallery]] ==

The [source:powershell/production/includes/SubversionManagement.ps1 SubversionManagement] script holds all the functions related to working with Subversion.

== Windows Firewall Management Library [[wiki:PowerShell/WindowsFirewallManagement|Get-Help]] [[http://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/scriptcenter/2834b674-7e16-479c-9de1-489903ee2652 | Technet Gallery]]==

The [source:powershell/production/includes/WindowsFirewallManagement.ps1 WindowsFirewallManagement] script holds all the functions related to working with Windows Firewall.

== VMware Management Library [[wiki:PowerShell/VMWareManagement|Get-Help]] ==

The [source:powershell/production/includes/VMwareManagement.ps1 VMwareManagement] scripts holds all the functions related to working with and managing VMware datacenters.

== Print Server Management Library [[wiki:PowerShell/PrintServerManagement|Get-Help]] [[http://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/scriptcenter/PrintServerManagementps1-7676ed28 | Technet Gallery]]==

The [source:powershell/production/includes/PrintServerManagement.ps1 PrintServerManagement] script holds all the functions related to working with print servers and queues in a Windows 2008 environment.

== PowerShell ISE Library [[wiki:PowerShell/PSISELibrary|Get-Help]] [[http://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/PSISELibraryps1-ec442972 | Technet Gallery]] ==

The [source:powershell/production/includes/PSISELibrary.ps1 PSISELibrary] script holds several functions for working with code inside the !PowerShell ISE.